Miss Tang
Where did you find the beggar?
When my husband plays the boss and competes with me for the Shushan sword
The person I choose may not be better than you
Shushan Sword is the sword of Shushan Sword Emperor
Jianzong is Shouzi Sword
Suppressed by my abandoned sect, I have not found a sword for a thousand years
Chu
Legend has it that the person who wields this sword can take charge of the two Sword Qi sects
Sword Heaven
From operation
little sister
Do you want to go crazy outside the sect master of Shushan Sword Sect?
Once the Shushan sword is on fire
Grandmaster Ren is also difficult to approach
In fact, this is not too much
I'm afraid that even everything is difficult
Miss Jianzong is going to marry you, a beggar
Hmph, it's a shame for Shu Shan
How can the Shushan Sword Sect let a sword girl
Give it to an outsider
Only I can get the Shushan Sword today
Become the Lord of Shushan Sword Sect
The sword seems to have said